Versions
	Wordpress Version: 4.3.1
	Woocommerce Version: 2.4.10
	Woocommerce-POS version forked: 0.4.5

Compilation/Testing
	All testing was done on VaryingVagrantVagrants.
	Additionally, we had a number of issues with the compilation that could only be resolved (for us) on Arch Linux. The upstream developer compiles using some other linux system entirely.
	Because our edits did not involve any of the upstream javascript, html, or css, we did not need to add our changes to the system before compile time. 
		Thus we simply compiled the system and then placed our changes onto the compiled unit.
	Our modifications to the system were restricted to changing its php and adding entirely new files, and the locations and purposes of these edits follow.

Files Edited:
	woocommerce-pos.php
		added a function defalt_product_category that forcibly sets the product categories of items that non admins add to the correct product category for their store and hooked it to save_post.

	includes/api/class-wc-pos-products.php
		added logic to the function get_ids to filter the products and only give back the ids of the products the current user should actually be able to see.
		there may be other places in the code that this logic could have instead been placed.

	includes/class-wc-pos-params.php
		Added our pages to the filters at the bottom and removed pages not really existant in this version

	includes/class-wc-pos-activator.php
		call patch() (from wc-pos-esmeer.php) at activation time.
		give subscribers appropriate roles

	includes/class-wc-pos-deactivator.php
		call unpatch() at deactivation time

Files Created:
	Everything in the includes/stores folder
		A page to allow admins to add users to the user to product category table (which we keep as a plaintext file inside of the stores folder
			The table we create and work with relies on the ability to call shell_exec from php and relies on write access to the table itself.

	Everything in the includes/wp-patch (which are edits of Wordpress 4.3.1 files)
		Patches to allow nonprivileged users to acces certain bits of privileged wordpress functionality under certain conditions with restrictions (to add and edit products)

	includes/wc-pos-esmeer.php
		A function called verify() that checks if a user is admin or in the store table and returns either the value 1 if they are admin the category if they are in that table, or -1 if they are neither in the table nor admin
		A set of functions to patch wordpress's files with our edits to the wordpress files at activator time and unpatch those files at deactivator time.
			This relies on the ability to call shell_exec from php and relies on write access to the above wordpress folder.	
